improvement(client): fix `exactOptionalPropertyTypes` for telemetry-utils (#27546)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/yummy-moons-train.md

---
"@fluidframework/azure-client": minor
"@fluidframework/core-interfaces": minor
"__section": breaking
---
ITelemetryBaseLogger.minLogLevel may be undefined

Typing for `ITelemetryBaseLogger.minLogLevel` is updated to reflect that in some implementations `minLogLevel` is present but evaluates to `undefined`.

> When building with `excactOptionalPropertyTypes:false` as suggested in [compatibility requirements](https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework/blob/68732d93a6cc8be2df966b9bb40f58bdd9fad69b/packages/common/core-interfaces/README.md#supported-tools), there is no apparent type change.

Reviewer: Should this be
```suggestion
When building with `excactOptionalPropertyTypes:false` as suggested in [compatibility requirements](https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework/tree/main/packages/common/core-interfaces/README.md#supported-tools), there is no apparent type change.
```
?

Author: I don't want to use `tree/main` because this will change. I hope it changes for 3.0. So, using SHA for durability.

Reviewer: Fair

---

> "@fluidframework/core-interfaces": minor

Reviewer: Should we also list the other packages that re-export `ITelemetryBaseLogger`?

Reviewer: Which I guess is just azure-client

"__section": breaking
---
ITelemetryBaseLogger.minLogLevel may be undefined

Typing for `ITelemetryBaseLogger.minLogLevel` is updated to reflect that in some implementations `minLogLevel` is present but evaluates to `undefined`.

> When building with `excactOptionalPropertyTypes:false` as specified in compatibility requirements, there is not apparent type change.

Reviewer: Nit: shall we link to the compat requirements documentation?

Author: I don't think so. This space is weird. I am really hoping we clean more of this up before 3.0 and can make a stronger recommendation to consumers. As it is, I think they can really do either. Currently, we imply `excactOptionalPropertyTypes:false` and but note how to work with FF when specifying `true`.
If we want to change ClientRequirements text, I would do that separately from this PR.

Reviewer: In that case, maybe best to omit the "as specified in compatibility requirements" part? If a developer reads that, and it's relevant to them, they will likely want to look for that documentation. If we don't have something for them, probably best not to imply we do.

Author: It doesn't show in this thread, but I slightly altered the wording. It now reads "as _suggested_ in compatibility requirements". The actual compatibility text says:
>     -   `exactOptionalPropertyTypes` is currently not fully supported.
>        If used, narrowing members of Fluid Framework types types using `in`, `Reflect.has`, `Object.hasOwn` or `Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty` should be avoided as they may incorrectly exclude `undefined` from the possible values in some cases.

Is there still a nit?

Reviewer: My point is that we are referring to our "compat requirements", but you don't want to link to them. If we don't want to link to them, then presumably we don't really want folks looking at them? And if that's the case, I would argue that we shouldn't refer to them at all. I.e. just remove the "as suggested in compatibility requirements" part.

Author: I don't know how my brain ended up with the wrong idea of the request. I thought I read should we *edit* the compat requirements. Not should we *link* them. Yeah, we can link them. :)
